Oh, the brothers have changed shifts.
It's not time yet.
Isn't it a little too early?
Yes oh my good brother
I have this matter, I have to invite you.
My cousin is in the rat
Today, my sister-in-law, just come and see him
You know.
I took all the pears
This pot of good wine is divided between the two brothers
This was buried by Widow Liu's house in the west of the city
Good daughter red ah
Take it and you can go to their house to refill.
You have to be here.
The second daughter of Widow Liu's family
I've been entangled for a long time
What second daughter?
It's daughter red
Daughter red to daughter red
Yes, then our brothers, let's go
Don't worry, it's me
Good to go
Yeah. Here we go.
What's so simple?
The current uprising army of Raksha Kingdom is huge
These guys work for the court
Where are you willing to pay attention?
They're all waiting to see who wins
If there is still someone here, it will be tonight
Got it, hurry up
I want to see the master you mentioned
The old master is my old master Ma Liang
I'm Ma Liang, stop shouting
The old man just left two days ago. Where did he go?
You know what to ask
It's death row.
Naturally, he pulled it out and beheaded it.